Amputation - Amy's hand was mangled by toxic shrapnel. Chanion identifies the grievious wounds as potentially fatal unless contained. Amy is terrified by the impending amputaiton. Chanion comforts her and offers her a "diamorphine" injection to alleviate pain. After the injection, Chanion shoots off Amy's injured hand, and quickly treats the amputation. Then, she hugs her as the diluted pain begins to build up. 
Extreme validation - (Dragon Boy Music Box) - Chanion expresses seething rage towards the Dalmatians, especially towards the one captain that was reponsible for the intial ambush complaining about their apparent viciousness and "unfair" tactics, and wants to "shred them apart." Amy initially is revolted by Chanion's partisan rage towards the "enemy", and is about to chide her for her lack of empathy... but then realizes that she is just as guilty as Chanion is. So she prioritizes compassionate understanding over ethics, and validates that feeling despite its brutality
Vulnerable - (Mononoke Music box) - Amy is utterly battered after Chanion and her brought down a Dalmatian soldier in hand to hand combat. While Amy convulses on the floor due to near-suffocation, extreme pain, and psychological stress, Chanion viciously and angrily smashes apart the Dalmatian's corpse. Amy begins whimpering for heroin due to overwhelming pain, eventually catching Chanion's attention. Chanion comforts Amy and reminds her of heroin's side effects, and instead administers her a milder analsgenic and treats her bruises. The physical and emotional pain persists. Amy, thinking herself as a failure and only a failure, tearfully begs Chanion to let her die. Amy loses control and wails. Chanion is noticeably perturbed and hastens the healing process, telling Amy to "please don't hurt". Amy then remembers that this scenario of the younger Chanion having to care for the older Amy resembles parentification... Amy gathers her resolve and reassures Chanion that she is no longer in pain... emotionally. Cha     nion helps Amy up. 

Dream - (Sixth Station Music Box) - 
Prelude: After continuous fighting for 12 hours, Amy and Chanion have to rest. Chanion snuggles up to Amy, who, exhausted, weary, depressed,
and pushed beyond limits, contemplates "giving up" - suicide. She then falls to sleep
Dream Sequence: Play as a child version of Amy. She walks through a desolate, ghostly, surreal terrain. Suddenly, she is assaulted by
terrifying abominations. Base them off of SCP. They repeated kill/maim/mutiliate her. Upon finally eluding their grasp, she stumbles
into her mother. Amy collapses to her knees and hugs her mother's legs, begging for sanctuary and comfort. 
Trigger Sequence: Amy's mother was a narcissist. What happens next slowly wears down Amy's sense of self, security, trust, etc, as her mother
verbally abuses, gaslights, beats, and dehumanizes the child-Amy. She then leaves Amy at the mercy of the monsters, parentifies her, then sickenly demands
love from Amy. Also, she gropes her. 
Final Sequence: Amy escapes her mother. Now an adult, she once again wanders the now threatening landscape. She is once again assaulted
by those very same monsters. She somehow manages to fight through them and suddenly becomes an adult, garbed in combat gear, as her dream
takes her to contemporary times. She walks slowly...
and encounters Chanion, who, herself fleeing hostile enemies, collapses at Amy's feet, begging for sanctuary and solace. Obvious callback to what happened earlier. The screen and audio turns a Satanic
shade of red as Amy slowly, and disturbingly, takes on characteristics of her mother. She pulls out her knife. Chanion is both confused and terrified, but
instead of running away, she collapses in fear, helpless before her caregiver. Amy then nearly quotes her mother "What have YOU done for ME?" as she
prepares to flay Chanion. However, what separates the Amy from the mother is her guilt, remorse, conscience, and ability to love. Her conscience repeatedly
reminds her why she should not propagate the cycle of abuse that narcissistic mothers promote.
Motherhood: "Children look up to their mothers for everything"
Guilt: "Children are completed helpless and dependent on their mothers"
Validation: "You were a victim. Do not let Chanion become one"
Love: "Mothers hold complete power over their children. Use it to nurture, not mutilate"
Identity: "You want Chanion to live. You want to stop the cycle of abuse. You want to create love. This is your choice"
Amy, still enraged, argues back at each of her conscience's arguments. However, each reminder mellows out her rage and turns the screen from red to a little less red
"I'LL MAKE HER HURT"
"I DON'T CARE"
"NO ONE PROTECTED ME!"
"I don't know!"
"I'm sorry"
Once Amy calms down, she relaxes, sheaths her knife. Chanion is still noticeable terrified, but Amy places a reassuring hand on Chanion, lifts her up,
and hands her her gun. She then leads Chanion as she walks forward, trailblazing the path while keepinng Chanion safe
Amy wakes up/ Switch to a first person view of the sleeping Chanion. 
Amy: I won't let your die...
She then drifts to sleep. Third person view of the two sleeping together

Molosson meets Amy
At the start of the game, before the platoon departs (and gets ambushed) Molosson, Chanion's mother, checks up on Amy to give her a few last reminders. They are essentially
advice from a very concerned mother to the alien assigned to her daughter
 - That the alien, Amy, should not let her own cultural/moral values conflict with whatever happens next
 - "Just remind Chanion to reload - she often forgets how much she has left"
 - That Chanion is at the age between adolescence and adulthood where her sadism towards enemies of the state has yet to surface - she is very impressionable at this stage
 - "And... I know that I shouldn't prioritize my children over the state, but if your fire team is ever in serious danger, please... keep Chanion safe, alright?"
 - "Oh, she's right there" - points towards Chanion chasing a friend - " she's having the time of her life"
Make sure to include a scene where Molosson happily watches Chanion messing around with her friends form a distance

Eating - () - Amy and Chanion eat jerky.  
Easy Landmine Defusal - (Field of memories) - Chanion and Amy discover a road infested with anti-tank landmines. Fortunately, the landmines are very easy to defuse, and Amy can easily spot them with her goggles. Chanion states that these landmines, produced solely to trigger by tanks, are simple to dismantle, but she doubts herself. Amy encourages her, validates her fears, and remains with her even as she begins to dig up and defuse the first landmine. Amy attempts both small talk and validation to keep Chanion confident. Chanion improves with each successful defusal. 
Utterly Dependent - (MC7) - Dalmatians are rapidly enclosing on Amy and Chanion's position. Amy's goggles are undergoing an inconvenient update, leaving them both tactically blind. Switch to Chanion's POV. She cannot discern the enemy's location, and she is terrified, urging pleadingly for Amy to finish booting up the goggles
Happy to be alive - (Living One Day) - 
Sadness and Sorrow v2 - aftermath of ambush
Story left untold - Amy and Chanion plan out their upcoming war against the eenmy forces. Amy listens on to Chanion's enraged ramblings. Woudl do anything for her, even attempting a 2v150.
As if the night ewere gone (pay homage to the end of clear vision 2) - Aichme subplot - various scenes of the enemy Dalmatian captain showing her concern over her dwindling forces. Makes her human. Show her crying/ letting out stress. Makes the player feel conflicted about massacring Dalmatian troops. final scene: Aichme lies wounded about to be executed by Chanion. From Aichme's perspective, all her comrades, friends, and some family emmebers all died, and she is about to die a humiliating death. She holds back tears. The scene suspensefully waits as if waiting for Aichme to say something profound/forgiving/some cliche bullshit. But reality is far worse, and what she says is true to her perspective of the situation. Aichme hollers at Chanion the most hateful words she can think of - they would be her last. e.g. "You're an infertile alien-fucking slut, you'll never amount to SHIT" Demonstrates a protective, nurturing old lady like Aichme at her worst

Outer Limits Tribunal - Chanion is shaken up from participating in the previous battle. She finds it difficult to continue with the mission. Amy, in an attempt to make her feel better,
encourages her to think of her mother. Chanion flashes back to memories of her and her mother. Chanion snapping her arm almost in half and her mother whisking her away for medical help, comforting
her the entire time. Her mother making her jerky. Her mother teaching her to reload until she can change magazines in a blink of the eye (let Chanion have an insane reload rate in-game). Chanion mentions that she is the reason she could reload
in literally one to two seconds. Finally,
the memory of her mother telling her that she can overcome any challenge, and that she believes, no, knows that she will survive. All the while Amy herself is invigorated by these memories. Chanion
stands up and is revitalized. 

Madness Abrogation Level - 0 - 40, Amy undergoes a mental breakdown. Her thoughts are racing, she is thinking about the massive horde of enemies descending upon her and Chanion, about how helpless they are, about her shortcomings, etc. Meanwhile, Chanion frantically tries to get Amy’s attention. Chanion is frightened that her guardian seems completely incapacitated. 40-50 - Amy tries mindfulness techniques. 50-end. Amy “wakes” and begins fighting back against the enemy. She apologizes to Chanion and promises to protect her

River of Eden - Amy and Chanion wake up from their dreams. Both silently prepare themselves, while always checking to make sure that the other is okay. They board the motorcycle and begin riding to the location of the final bastion of resistance. Suddenly, Amy motions for Chanion to stop right before they reach the summit of a hill. Darkstroke plays. The two peer over the hilltop. Light stroke plays. There is a massive convoy of Dalmatans, spearheaded by tank destroyers. Amy initially has a severe reaction, but reigns it in thanks to her newfound focus and confidence, and discusses with Chanion on how to defeat this massive horde